I mean adapt do a montage thing probably
enough today it was honestly amazing we
had so many clips I'm just kidding it's
Sunday we only have fucking six clips
collectively we fucking suck in our
defense so we got collectively eight
hitmarkers so we just really got fucked
oh I did it boys I posted a selfie on
Instagram I just finally did I told you
guys I do not do saltines like if I have
to take a selfie I take the picture one
try and then I post this if I don't do
first try I'll probably won't end up
posting a picture I literally grabbed my
phone I was like you got one shot right
here real Bank posted if I can just find
a million things that are wrong with a
picture I just won't post it and I did
fuck up this picture I might tell you
how but I posted eyes like a thank you
for 100k so that's why I like it looks
more weird than anybody everybody was
commenting all right do it a small thumb
you got a smoke let's let me put my
thumb in your ass and you tell me if
it's small after that was really fucking
weird I'm not gonna do that
I hadn't you have big hands just the way
I was holding my thumb I did something
like that oh fuck that you can hurt my
head I just did like a really weird pose
with my thumb almost so it made it look
really small don't get me wrong I looked
at I was like what the fuck I have a
commit phone in there everybody's
calling me small like do you have an
abnormally small hand literally
everything about me is big but actuality
I have like big feet I'm really tall I
have big hands I'm just a big person you
guys know that my feet are size 15 I
have clown feet they literally don't
sell anything in stores past size 14
that's his I think oh there we go 14
they never go 15 it's fucking awful I
never really do shoe shopping because
you know they just won't sell it anyway
I don't actually watch it that annoying
video they upload the other day where I
talked about her friend's son and she
actually found the funny I thought she
would've gotten mad at me but she had
she found it fun oh my god she creeps
all my shit like she looks at every
tweet I post she looks at everything
post on Instagram everything I post on
YouTube
everything that kid was just so annoying
everybody's like oh do I really hope he
watches this it's gonna be hilarious
honestly I kind of hope that he watches
it because then I'll never have to be
bothered again or he'll do the complete
opposite come here and just steal
everything could you imagine getting
robbed that would have to be horrified
if I did I think if I ever got robbed I
would actually move house I just wanna
feel safe at home anymore look if
somebody broke in or someone you know
like I don't know like I was home when
that happened I don't think I'd ever
feel safe at home has your has ever been
broken into or ever stolen from how that
you like to know if you guys would feel
comfortable talking about that I'm
really sorry to hear if your house that
you two get breaking into cuz that's
like some scary shit but if your hole
would have happened and you beat the
fuck out of the guy I would love to know
and tomorrow I'm uploading all the ff8
ar7 challenge response so does all the
times gonna work at 12 p.m. third place
goes up then at 2:00 p.m. the second
place goes up to 4
p.m. the first place goes and I really
hope me an adapted pull our shit
together and at least finish a response
for tomorrow I'm literally gonna sit all
night tonight with my eyes glued to my
TV I'm not even happy breaks I'm just
gonna piss my pants no real quick I
would just like to thank you guys for
some reason lately I've been selling so
much shit for my pair I just got another
email right now so I really thought I
should thank you God I have a really
special video to do with my apparel
coming out really soon where it involves
you guys so you guys are gonna see what
it is until the few people by this video
idea that I have and it's gonna be
really really cool so I'm excited to do
it it involves you guys the guys I don't
know how it involves you guys you guys
are just gonna find out oh where did you
why is that
oh Excel this is all the time but
whenever I scream apparently my voice
gets like deep I'm so like annoyed
because I know after these clips for
tomorrow I vow to hit a shot this game
if I don't fucking hit a shot at him I
want you guys to insult me as hard as
you can in the comments it's all me a
poopface like let's not get you mean but
you guys would call me a poop all guys
are pretending to be my hairdresser in
like my Instagram comments and shit all
the columns have said own ordered I'm
your hairdresser let's just see you on
Instagram haha and you're fucking wrong
you know I know you're not my
hairdresser because he doesn't call me
nor that calls me fucking babe did why
did you do this now everybody's gonna
insult you in the comments a nerd is
gonna be idiot idiot Diddy oh my fuck oh
there we go
rage suey but oh my god I did the cancel
foreground because I reload on the shoot
with the insta so I guess you know I
don't know that really counseled the can
Swampert no but it was a great suit I
was nothing to a video there was a
hitmarker a nice shot there at the end
I'm gonna keep grinding talking me
making his shot tonight or something but
let's move off a strain which its cues
for the punks and keep it we should drop
a like keep you everybody
peace out